were thrust upon me,
my whole world
has changed.
Now I'm Ichigo Kuraski,
substitute Soul Reaper.
And I'm combining
my powerful spirit energy
with this blade in order to
protect my friends!
[♪♪♪]
[WOMAN SINGING IN JAPANESE]
Take her and go!
Get her to safety!
Take her far away
from here.
Huh?
That's your duty.
Protect her with
your life.
Renji.
[GRUNTING]
Renji?
Don't just stand there watching,
you fool.
Go!
All lieutenants after them!
Mm.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead.
Right.
[PANTING]
[ALL GASPING]
Now run!
Itegumo!
Bite.
Gonryomaru.
Crush him!
Gegetsuburi!
[GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
[GRUNTS]
Huh?
It's impossible.
He's not even using
his Zanpakuto.
[GRUNTING]
I can see your moves,
Byakuya Kuchiki.
Tell me why.
Hm?
Why don't you
just give up?
You keep trying to save Rukia
again and again.
You're her brother,
aren't you?
So the question that
needs to be asked...
Is why the hell aren't you
trying to save her?
Such a foolish question.
Even if I did have
the time to try to explain
the principle to you,
someone like you would
never understand it.
It seems talking
serves no purpose.
Prepare to die.
[GRUNTING]
Ah!
[BOOMING]
There is only
one path before me.
I shall kill you,
Ichigo Kurosaki.
And then, once again,
I will capture Rukia.
And this time,
I shall execute her myself.
I won't let you
do that.
That's the reason why
I'm here.
[GRUNTING]
RUKIA:
Renji, stop!
Put me down.
I've got to go back there
and help Ichigo.
What part of our running
like hell for our lives
do you not understand?
Just try to keep that big
mouth of yours shut, all right?
We don't want anybody hearing
our voices!
If one of our voices gets
us caught, it won't be mine.
RENJI:
Explain something to me.
RUKIA:
What?
Well, one time,
Ichigo told me that
he owed you a favor.
He owes a favor to me?
RENJI:
Uh-huh.
You know,
Rukia actually saved
my life in a way.
She changed my destiny.
That much is true.
ICHIGO:
If I hadn't met Rukia,
I never would have become
a Soul Reaper,
the ability I have
to fight the way I do,
and to be able
to protect everyone.
I owe her.
RUKIA:
Because of me,
Ichigo's fate
has been changed.
I've put him
in terrible danger.
And nothing I do can ever make
amends for that.
Why are you blaming yourself
for everything?
It's pointless.
You've always been
like that.
No one else thinks
this is all your fault.
So why don't you quit being
so hard on yourself?
No one person could
be strong enough
to carry all of
that responsibility
on their shoulders.
Certainly not you,
Rukia.
Share it.
Share that burden with
Ichigo and with me.
Let us lighten your load until
you get your strength back.
That is the whole reason we
both made ourselves stronger.
Just have a little
faith in him, Rukia.
Huh?
RUKIA:
I'm sorry, Renji.
RENJI:
Don't be foolish.
You don't have anything
to apologize for.
Thank you.
Hm.
Silly girl.
There's no need to say
thank you, either.
KIYONE:
Isane.
Isane!
Wait, Kiyone!
Don't!
Ah!
Hold it,
Soi Fon!
[PANTING]
[GASPING]
No one move.
But Captain Yamamoto.
This crime...
A lieutenant freeing
a convicted criminal
and aiding in her escape
will be solved
by capturing
the treasonous officer
and putting him
to death.
Thus,
his fate is sealed.
But that is the least
of our problems.
What you two captains
have done here today
is a crime of far
greater magnitude.
Surely you both understand that
your actions are unforgivable!
[GASPS]
Captain Ukitake.
You're in danger, Captain.
Get--
Kiyone,
stay back!
[GASPS]
Well, guess we've
got no choice.
Are you ready,
Jushiro?
Looks like we're gonna have
to make a run for it.
Oh, Shunsui.
UKITAKE:
Wait, Shunsui!
I can't abandon
my squad!
KYORAKU:
Just calm down.
Did you really want to fight
old man Yama
with all those
others around?
If we did that, a lot of people
would have ended up dead.
Now it's only
the two of us...
For the moment.
Can't you feel it?
There's one more on our side
who's getting closer.
You'd better concentrate.
We're almost to
the ground.
Oh, Captain.
How dare you stand there and
do nothing while they get away.
[GRUNTING]
[GASPING]
Traitorous scum.
With your
filthy treason,
you and your
bastard captain
and all the others
have brought shame
on the 13 Court Guard Squads.
Ah!
But rest assured,
I'm going to put you
out of your misery.
You will never betray
anyone ever again,
once you're dead!
Ah!
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
Let go of me!
And who the hell are you,
anyway?
Such a fuss.
I see you
haven't changed.
You have a quick temper,
just like you always used to.
It can't be you.
Yoruichi.
Well, long time no see,
Sui-Feng.
[GRUNTS]
[BOOMING]
[GRUNTING]
How are you feeling,
Isane?
Any pain?
[GASPS]
Captain, I'm so sorry.
The Ryoka was ju--
UNOHANA:
Easy, easy.
It's all right,
Isane.
You were not hit as hard as
the others,
but you still
mustn't move around
too much until
you've recovered.
Take us down now,
Minazuki.
[WAILING]
[BOOMING]
Captain, we just heard
what happened.
Is the Lieutenant
injured?
Were you hurt too,
ma'am?
What are your orders?
We're all right.
Release the others
and return, Minazuki.
[GROANING]
Most of their wounds are not
life threatening.
The time spent in Minazuki's
belly
has accelerated
the healing process.
Take them to
the relief station
and monitor them
until they awaken.
Yes, captain.
Who is still
up there?
Such strong
spiritual pressure.
Captain Kuchiki is there,
battling against the Ryoka
who knocked you out.
[GASPS]
The other captains
have all gone elsewhere
and are now fighting
among themselves.
Unfortunately, there's nothing
we can do now to stop them.
Come with me,
Isane.
Right this way,
there's a certain place
that I would like to visit.
[WIND WHISTLING]
That should do it.
We're pretty far away
from everything.
Far enough to be out of danger.
For a while, at least.
[PANTING]
Hey, Nanao,
slow poke.
[GASPS]
You didn't have to leave
me back there,
captain.
[GASPS]
I must say, you got here
quicker than I expected you to.
Chasing children.
It's been
many years since any
mere juvenile delinquent
could get away from me.
Let us finish this!
But I shall be using
far more than my fists.
Head Captain
Genruysai Shigekuni Yamamoto.
Leader of Squad One.
Head Captain of all
the 13 Court Guard Squads.
His spiritual pressure is
enormous.
Even two captains together
may not be strong enough
to defeat such a man.
I must help them.
There's only one thing
I can do.
[BOOMING]
[GASPS]
[GASPING]
[PANTING]
Listen well.
Be gone from here!
I have neither the time
nor the patience
to teach a mere infant
like you how to breathe.
Take it easy now,
little Nanao.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have let you
follow us in the first place.
I can't believe it.
All he did was look straight
into my eyes,
and he completely crushed
my whole being.
I was so naive to think
I could help
Captain Ukitake
and my captain.
I was worried that
they would have trouble
defeating
the head captain.
Now I don't think
it's even possible.
Please be all right,
my captain.
Your flash step
is impressive.
Obviously, you've worked
long and hard on it
to be able to cover
so much ground so quickly.
Well, thank you.
YAMAMOTO:
Looking back,
the two of you always exhibited
exceptional strength.
You spent too much time
chasing girls, Shunsui,
and your behavior
was wild.
But you were intelligent.
And your ability
to see the truth
far outshone that of the others
in your class.
And you, Jushiro,
you had a weak constitution.
But you more than made up
for it with your daring
and your popularity.
Everyone looked up
to you.
And when it came time
to battle,
you both defied
the imagination.
No one else could hold a candle
to either one of you.
You had such
strong will...
Training endlessly,
continuously holding
your strength.
My faith in you
was rewarded when
you became the first captains of
this Academy, which I created.
You are my pride
and joy,
like my own sons.
I believed in you.
And though we might have thought
different thoughts,
I always felt that we walked
the same path.
Now it appears I was wrong
about you.
I am deeply disappointed.
Master Yamamoto.
Do not say anything.
The time for words
is long past.
Draw your swords.
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
What is the meaning of this,
you two?
Do not tell me you
that intend to fight me
without even releasing
your Zanpakuto.
We're still hoping to avoid
fighting at all,
old man Yama,
if we can.
Silence!
I taught you better
than that.
You both know that there
can be no forgiveness
for those who
defy justice.
And you also taught us
that sometimes
we must carry out justice
on our own, master.
And that is the reason we carry
these swords in the first place.
Is it not,
master?
Such foolish talk.
You have no right to decide
for yourselves
what is right
and wrong.
It is your duty to accept
the true justice of the world!
Well, then what is the true
justice of the world, master?
Who determines
right and wrong?
Did you not
hear me before?
The time for words...
Has passed!
[♪♪♪]
[GASPING]
Ha-ha-ha.
[GRUNTING]
YAMAMOTO:
All things in
the universe turn to ashes.
Ryujin Jakka!
[WOMAN SINGING IN JAPANESE]
UKITAKE:
Head Captain Yamamoto,
sir?
What would I have to do to get
a muscular body like yours?
KYORAKU:
It is truly magnificent.
YAMAMOTO:
Well, you must train
each and every day.
KYORAKU:
Maybe. But it hasn't done
much for your hair.
YAMAMOTO:
My hair is magnificent,
too!
Illustrated guide
to Soul Reapers!
ALL:
Golden!
[PANTING]
Take this,
golden cannonball!
Jinta, home run!
Let's go,
Karakura King!
What are you
about to do?
[YELLING IN JAPANESE]
[SCREAMING]
Ugh!
Golden!
Mission accomplished!
Ha-ha. We did it.
[YELLING]
Hey,
what are you looking at?
Hey, I though this was
the guide to Soul Reapers.